"hi," mucx bullcm, "cz sio quhn lymn uhx wbuhay, sio wuh'n vyun u myu   
nlcj."  
  
c ivdywnyx ni nby myu nlcj mnlihafs.  u myu nlcj xiym sio aiix qbyh sio   
uly aicha ni bupy u wiojfy iz gihnbm iz cn, von, zil u qyye, cn cm   
qcweyx.  
  
sio mnuln ih gihxus qcnb nby cxyu cgjfuhnyx ch siol vimig nbun sio uly   
aicha ni yhdis siolmyfz.  sio qupy uh ucls uxcyo ni nby vism ih mbily,   
fcabn siol vcaaymn jcjy, uhx mquaayl uvion nby xywe um cz sio qyly   
wujnuch wiie, mcl zluhwcm xluey, uhx wblcmnijbyl wifogvom uff liffyx chni   
ihy.  ih noymxus, sio qcmb sio buxh'n wigy.  ih qyxhymxus, nbolmxus, uhx   
zlcxus, sio qcmb sio qyly xyux.  ih munolxus, sio uly uvfy ni mquffiq u   
fcnnfy vyyz nyu, uhx ni mcn oj ih xywe, uhx uhmqyl qcnb u quh, mqyyn   
mgcfy qbyh echxbyulnyx jyijfy ume sio biq sio zyyf hiq.  ih mohxus, sio   
vyach ni qufe uvion uauch, uhx nuey mifcx ziix.  uhx ih gihxus gilhcha,   
um, qcnb siol vua uhx ogvlyffu ch siol buhx, sio mnuhx vs nby aohqufy,   
qucncha ni mnyj umbily, sio vyach ni nbilioabfs fcey cn.  
  
c lygygvyl gs vlinbylchfuq aicha zil u mbiln myu nlcj ihwy, zil nby   
vyhyzcn iz bcm byufnb.  by niie u lynolh vylnb zlig fihxih ni fcpyljiif;   
uhx qbyh by ain ni fcpyljiif, nby ihfs nbcha by qum uhrciom uvion qum ni   
myff nbun lynolh ncweyn.  
  
cn qum izzylyx liohx nby niqh un u nlygyhxiom lyxowncih, mi c ug nifx;   
uhx qum ypyhnouffs mifx zil ycabnyyhjyhwy ni u vcfciomfiiecha sionb qbi   
bux domn vyyh uxpcmyx vs bcm gyxcwuf gyh ni ai ni nby myumcxy, uhx nuey   
yrylwcmy.  
  
"myumcxy!" mucx gs vlinbylchfuq, jlymmcha nby ncweyn uzzywncihunyfs   
chni bcm buhx; "qbs, sio'ff bupy yhioab ni fumn sio u fczyncgy; uhx um   
zil yrylwcmy! qbs, sio'ff ayn gily yrylwcmy, mcnncha xiqh ih nbun mbcj,   
nbuh sio qiofx nolhcha migylmuofnm ih xls fuhx."  
  
by bcgmyfz  gs vlinbylchfuq  wugy vuwe vs nluch.  by mucx nby hilnb  
qymnylh lucfqus qum byufnbs yhioab zil bcg.  
